hey YouTube what's going on it's on the
tone 99 it's Tony what are you guys
doing today I'm gonna have an unboxing
for you guys from a company called
rockford fosgate they sent me out a
package here for those of you who don't
know who rockford fosgate this rockford
fosgate is very well known in the car
audio business doing a lot of subwoofers
amplifiers that sort of thing speaker
boxes stuff like that you know for car
audio they are known for their big
booming bass it makes a really nice
subwoofers amplifier stuff like that so
apparently they've given into the
headphone game when you guys send me a
PM I don't remember who it was but what
do you guys send me a PM let me know
that they actually started making up
their headphones so I reached out to
rockford fosgate and they were kind
enough to send the other pair for review
pretty cool beans so I'm looking forward
to checking these things out apparently
these things have 15 millimeter drivers
which I don't think I've ever seen on a
pair of in ear headphones 250 millimeter
drivers I've seen 11 I think I've seen
one or two pairs of 12 don't think I've
ever seen 15 millimeter drivers so I'm
looking forward to checking these out so
without further ado let's switch over
the close-up camera and check these bad
boys out
alright cool beans guys here we go we
get the SOG truck and unboxing knife and
we're gonna unbox this for you I'm not
gonna turn this over do this is actually
upside down I'm sorry but my address is
on the info on the other side and to be
perfectly honest with you I can't be
bothered to block it it so I'm just
gonna unbox it upside down so there we
go give me a slice pop it open and
inside we have ah we have headphones and
bubbles big nailing bubbles up save
those for fura so she can stomp on them
she likes to stomp on the big packing
bubbles so I'm in blocks by the way and
here we have the rockford fosgate punch
plugs inside the bag open up the bag not
off to the side and here we have the
rockford fosgate punch plugs I just said
that I'm repeating myself it's not deja
vu deja vu I am repeating myself so
there you go a cool flap nice little
velcro flap plug in and punch out bigger
is better designed for comfort and get
loud alright let's see what this says
the punch eq adds excitement to your
music rockford fosgate is the only audio
brand have developed its own sonic
signature and now we've brought that
unique technology from the car to your
headphones bigger is better
class-leading 15 millimeter dynamic
driver ensures massive bass response
ultra accurate mid-range and crystal
clear highs designed for comfort
includes comfort plugs so those are the
tips and stuff and get loud punch plugs
massive 15 millimeter driver with a low
impedance design and punch eq tuning
combined for industry-leading SPL which
is sonic sound pressure level when you
win too much is just enough
115 decibels wow that is probably most
definitely in fact enough to cause
permanent hearing damage so for you guys
you like to rock them to incredibly loud
here loud headphones and make yourselves
deaf these might be for you so here you
go let's pop them open see what we get
inside get inside we got a nice red
feels like velvety type of package slide
out nothing else on box and here you
have the headphones and a traveling
pouch nicey a nice travel pouch um
inside the pouch is some instructions
then probably no one ever reads I might
read them and tips very nice so you can
tuck your tips in there and cut phones
in there nice nice hard shell travel
pouch to carry it in it is hard shells
not soft pouch very nice and here we
have the headphones themselves on their
lighter than I thought they'd be they
had initial impressions when you first
see them they look really big um they're
a lot lighter than I thought they would
be um they are plastic it seems like
yeah they're plastic they're not metal
they are plastic I'm assuming the going
years this way left and right left and
right yeah like this 20 years this way
left and right I'm a flat cable very
similar to the beats tours cables nice
flat cable that should pretty much all
but eliminate tangling and a nice tunnel
there into your ear that's that's kind
of cool well these definitely look
different um haven't tried anything
quite like these before so 15 millimeter
drivers I'm really looking to see what
for looking forward I can't seem to talk
today guys I'm sorry
I know it's an epic fail your mum's
laughing at me um I'm looking forward to
seeing what these sound like 15
millimeter drivers I don't know rockford
fosgate is known for their base and
their sobs and their amps and and big
bass so these might be the ticket for
bass heads but yeah well check these out
guys so you know give me a week a week a
week or two to listen to these let them
burn in a little bit see the sound like
and I'll get back at you guys with my
full review alright cool beans so that's
your unboxing video for the rossford
fosgate punch plugs and again i'm sorry
i can't talk today i'm tripping all over
the name rockford fosgate uh i did it
again rockford fosgate punch plugs 15
millimeter drivers keep my sense is
short so i don't drip all over the words
cool beans rock on see you guys soon out